Let Them concert are two relatively new features in JavaScript and now we're cool.
New feature are arrow functions.
We can rewrite this function as an arrow function by first of all, creating a new variable or constant.
Since I'll never set a new value, I'll use a constant and I'll give that the name of my function.
So summarize user.
The value which I then assign after the equal sign is a function.
Now, we could already have done it in the past with this syntax.
This is another way of defining a function.
The part on the right side is the so called anonymous function because we don't set up a name after
function, but we make it a named function implicitly by storing the anonymous function in that named
constant.
So we can always call that constant, which holds a function as a value, and we call the value with
the syntax.
And therefore this is like a named function here.
So this would have worked in the past too.
It is a way or a different way of defining a function, but we can now also use a new syntax where we
remove the function keyword and instead we add an arrow between the argument list and the curly braces.
And this arrow is simply a equals sign and a greater than sign.
This also creates a function.
It's a bit shorter since we save the function keyword and it runs in the same way as this function ran
before.
Now why would we use this syntax?
Except for the reason that it's a bit shorter?
Well, that is already a nice reason.
But also there's one key difference regarding the this keyword which JavaScript knows and attached,
you find a link to another video, an article I created where I dive into the this keyword and how arrow
functions help us with it.
The attached article and video actually uses the browser, but it's the same for Node.js, so this will
be helpful to you have to know what JavaScript objects are for that.
But again, that is some core knowledge I require you to have for this course.
In this course I will pretty much only use arrow functions.
So this syntax for defining a function should be something you understand for this course that this
is the name of the function.
And then here we have the arguments and then we have the function body.
Now a little side note, there is also a shorter syntax of writing this or a couple of shorter syntax.
Let's say I have a number of function which I'll name add and there I get two arguments A and B and
I just return to some of them.
So the addition then you could right return A plus B of course.
And that allows us to run console log add with one plus two.
And if I now run node play JZ, we see three here as a result, if you only have an error function with
one statement, which happens to be the return statement or which you are fine returning, well then
you can omit the curly braces, you can omit the return statement and you have to admit it and you just
use the function like that.
This simply is the same syntax as before with the curly braces and with return, and this function will
now always return the result of this statement here.
So now if I execute this again, we still see free.
Now, if I would adjust this function to, let's say, always add one.
Then I have just a as an argument, let's say, and I return a plus one.
Now I could call this but console logging at one to, let's say one year.
So the result should be two.
And I can, of course, execute this.
And indeed I see to hear.
Now in such a case.
You already saw my audio formatting removed the parentheses I had there previously, because if you
only have one argument and that's the case really for that case, only if you have one argument only
then you can just have the argument name here without parentheses and it will work just as it will work
with parentheses.
So both works here, but you typically use the syntax without the parentheses.
And again my ID or the formatting remove them for me.
If you have an arrow function with no arguments at random, then you have to specify an empty pair of
parentheses.
Though you can't have just a white space, you have to have that empty pair and then you can have your
code there, which obviously uses no arguments because that's exactly what I want to show here.
So here I could have.
At random called Like This without any data passed in.
And now we see three here from that result.
So these are arrow functions and they're different syntax and you will see them throughout the course
and you should recognize that syntax and understand how they work again for a reason why to use them,
check out the attached article plus video.